---
layout: post
title: Main
cover: az_sunset.jpg
categories: posts
---

## Recent Updates 

### January 2022
Began work as a Senior Data Scientist at Climate LLC

## Research Goals

I'm a Data Scientist/Researcher focusing on how AI can understand and benefit people. I actively explore how to bridge the insights gained from machine learning systems into fair, accountable, and transparent models. I currently work at Climate LLC as a Senior Data Scientist where I continue to build AI systems with actionable insights for farmers.

I have a passion for understanding and building tools for people to achieve their success. AI can be harnessed for everyday people to grasp their own data and gain insights not possible. I aim to build systems to accomplish societal good, whether that be through fair and accountable AI or through acting as a processing tool through the ever growing amount of data for oneself. I believe one should have ownership of their own data and can be given the right tools to utilize it for their own good.

My other interests are in simulation of crowds or swarm models. I explore this work through simulations or game design. I recently started a development blog to track my progress in my hobby projects.

## Bio

When I was in academia, my research centered on the study of the behaviors, interactions, influences, and changes that individuals of certain social roles go through in an online community. I’ve studied a variety of community contexts in Health, Social, and Enterprise. My work encompassed a variety of Computational and Research methods, ranging from experiment design to graph theory and machine learning. The insights I find are intended to be incorporated into systems and application design focusing on improving the accessibility and success for people. This work was done during my PhD work in the [Human-Computer Interaction Lab](https://people.ucsc.edu/~swhittak/Steve_Whittaker_Santa_Cruz_HCI/HCI_Lab_People.html) led by [Steve Whittaker](https://people.ucsc.edu/~swhittak/Steve_Whittaker_Santa_Cruz_HCI/Steve_Whittaker.html).

Recently, I've shifted that focus to building robust machine learning tools through research and data-driven design focusing on improving the well-being and success of groups and individuals. I currently work as a Senior Data Scientist for Climate LLC (owned by Bayer), where I get to bring my work to farmers. I used to work for C3.ai, wehre I gained the skill and understanding of deployable AI and MLOps. A key focus there was on actionable insights, where I focused on explanability of AI systems. I used to work at another startup (Quantiply) focusing on Explainable AI for Anti-Money Laundering systems, however my focus there quickly shifted to team management and recruitment.

I spent my undergraduate career at the University of Arizona in Tucson, Arizona. I began studying Physics but soon switched to Psychology and Sociology. Through my research experience, I gained an appreciation for Computer Science and got hooked on programming. Ever since I've been incorporating the two into my research which is how I found my way to University of California at Santa Cruz within the 

